update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/aspxgridview-how-to-use-batch-mode-on-editing-and-edit-form-mode-on-inserting-a-new-row-t191177: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to use batch mode to edit data and edit form mode to insert new rows
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t191177/)**
<!-- run online end -->

This example demonstrates how to wrap a grid control in a callback panel and switch the grid's edit mode on the panel's callback.

![Grid Edit Mode](switchEditMode.png)

## Overview

Follow the steps below to edit data in batch mode and insert new rows in edit form mode:

> 1. Create the [Grid View](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView) control and wrap it with a callback panel. Specify a column's [HeaderTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewColumn.HeaderTemplate) property and add a hyper link editor to the template to create a custom **New** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the [Grid View](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView) control and wrap it with a callback panel. Specify a column's [HeaderTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.GridViewColumn.HeaderTemplate) property and add a hyperlink editor to the template to create a custom **New** button.
```
